README.md, before:

# RheaReactions.jl
[repostatus-url]: https://www.repostatus.org/#active
[repostatus-img]: https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg

[![repostatus-img]][repostatus-url]

This is a simple package you can use to query Rhea reactions. It caches 
simple requests by default, speeding up repeated calls where appropriate.
```julia
using RheaReactions # load module

get_reaction(11364) # Rhea reaction ID 11364 (cached)
```
You can also get the metabolites associated with that reaction:
```julia
# pretty printing that hides this structure: [(coefficient, metabolite), ...] 
coeff_mets = get_reaction_metabolites(11364) #  (cached)
```
And look at each metabolite individually:
```julia
coeff_mets[1][2] # metabolite
```
You can also look for all reactions that have a certain set of metabolite
substrates and products. This function looks for reactions that have both
CHEBI:29985 (L-glutamate) and CHEBI:58359 (L-glutamine) to be on opposite sides
of the reaction:
```julia
substrate_ids = [29985,]
product_ids = [58359,]
get_reactions_with_metabolites(
    substrate_ids,
    product_ids,
)
```
You can also map the entire reviewed Uniprot IDs to Rhea reaction IDs, although this takes long:
```julia
get_uniprot_to_rhea_map()
```
You can look for all Rhea reaction IDs that map to a specific EC number:
```julia
get_reactions_with_ec("2.5.1.49")
```
You can test the package with:
```julia
] test
```

Commit message:

fix various bugs with caching

README.md, after:

# RheaReactions.jl
[repostatus-url]: https://www.repostatus.org/#active
[repostatus-img]: https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg

[![repostatus-img]][repostatus-url]

This is a simple package you can use to query Rhea reactions and associated
annoations. Its primary use is in reconstructing metabolite models. It caches
all requests by default, speeding up repeated calls where appropriate.
```julia
using RheaReactions # load module

get_reaction(11364) # Rhea reaction ID 11364
```
You can also get the metabolites associated with that reaction:
```julia
# pretty printing that hides this structure: [(coefficient, metabolite), ...] 
coeff_mets = get_reaction_metabolites(11364)
```
And look at each metabolite individually:
```julia
coeff_mets[1][2] # metabolite
```
You can also look for all reactions that have a certain set of metabolite
substrates and products. This function looks for reactions that have both
CHEBI:29985 (L-glutamate) and CHEBI:58359 (L-glutamine) to be on opposite sides
of the reaction:
```julia
substrate_ids = [29985,]
product_ids = [58359,]
get_reactions_with_metabolites(
    substrate_ids,
    product_ids,
) # NB: not cached
```
You can also look for Rhea reactions associated with a specific Uniprot ID:
```julia
get_reactions_with_uniprot_id("P30085")
```
You can look for all Rhea reaction IDs that map to a specific EC number:
```julia
get_reactions_with_ec("2.5.1.49")
```
You can test the package with:
```julia
] test
```
